feat: add git lfs admin option (#10748)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Caution (fixed in GitLab >= 12.7): when this option is enabled it is possible due to a bug in GitLab that MRs with failing pipelines might still get merged.
This is caused by a race condition in GitLab's Merge Request API - [read the corresponding issue](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/issues/26293) for details.

## gitLabIgnoreApprovals

Ignore the default project level approval(s), so that Renovate bot can automerge its merge requests, without needing approval(s).
Under the hood, it creates a MR-level approval rule where `approvals_required` is set to `0`.

> This option works only when `automerge=true`, `automergeType=pr` and `gitLabAutomerge=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `gitLabIgnoreApprovals` you need to set `automerge=true`, `automergeType=pr` and `gitLabAutomerge=true`.
```

Maybe this is clearer?

Caution (fixed in GitLab >= 12.7): when this option is enabled it is possible due to a bug in GitLab that MRs with failing pipelines might still get merged.
This is caused by a race condition in GitLab's Merge Request API - [read the corresponding issue](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/issues/26293) for details.

## gitLfsExclude

> See also `allowGitLfs` and `gitNoVerify` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the `allowGitLfs` and `gitNoVerify` options.
```

> **Note** This is not supported in WhiteSource Renovate Hosted App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** This is not supported in the WhiteSource Renovate Hosted App.
```

## gitLfsInclude

> See also `allowGitLfs` and `gitNoVerify` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the `allowGitLfs` and `gitNoVerify` options.
```

> **Note** This is not supported in WhiteSource Renovate Hosted App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** This is not supported in the WhiteSource Renovate Hosted App.
```
